We're live. Thank you. Center with me for a moment. Let's listen again; it's my favorite.
Just center with me for a moment. It's beautiful. How many? Well, I'll get started.
Good morning, family. Thank you for joining us again today.
We'll go over some of the things the Lord showed us yesterday in prayer and then we'll just jump in the river.
I know a lot of you have a lot of things you're going to be doing today because we're getting ready to celebrate the Fourth of July in America.
And so we say, 'Happy birthday, America.'I believe it's an exciting time.
I love this time of year; I love it. My birthday's today, so I get excited about that. Thank you, I appreciate that.
I woke up early this morning and was talking to the Lord about my life and things that the Lord has done this year, just being grateful for everything that I have and that the Lord has blessed me with good health.
I'm so thankful not just for living, but for living well—that your health is good.
I know everybody has something they're overcoming and you're believing God for stuff, but for the most part, Lord, You've kept me sound and whole.
Thank you. He talked about being satisfied and started talking to me about elders and some of the ones who were going home.
He started telling me, 'This one will live to 78.'I said, 'Well, that's not too much longer.
Why are they going to go home at that time?'He said, 'Because they're satisfied.'I said, 'Satisfied?
What does that have to do with anything?'He said, 'With long life, I will satisfy you.
And when you're satisfied, Brandon, you can come home.'Are you satisfied?
He said you can petition Me for more years, but when you are satisfied and walking with Me in ministry, doing what you're supposed to be doing, He said, 'The number of your days I will fulfill.
I will let you live until you're satisfied. When you are satisfied, I'll bring you home.
I'll give you 120.'He was talking to me about being satisfied with life. I said I'm not satisfied at that age; I want to occupy.
I'm not in a hurry to go to the other side if You're not coming in the Rapture, because I know there's so many people that are dying and going to hell.
I'm not criticizing; that's just where I'm at. Maybe I'll be different when I get that old.
Right now, because I'm only 46 today, I'm not even near. I feel like I just started my race.
So I say, 'My goodness, give me double,'because I see so many people going to hell.
Yesterday we had 34 people give their heart to Jesus Christ on our channel.
There's a tenderness to it because it's just the beginning of what the Lord is doing.
I know there'll be a lot more people born again over the next couple days watching that video, especially on my other channels.
I have seven other channels in South Korea. It's so wonderful to see people that are Buddhists give their heart to Jesus Christ.
Then when you have the Portuguese channel and the Brazilian, the Lord said to pray over the young man that's running it.
I saw a new David rising up in Brazil and He said, 'Pray for the people of Brazil; there are so many of them.'As I talked to Pastor Maldonado, he was talking about souls and his goal of setting it up for a million people to go to Cuba and have a revival.
He's already getting it ready; they're already preparing financially for what God is about to do in the Latino community. It inspires me.
It stretches me because he gave me the counts of all the people that have been born again in his ministry—14 million people in over 30 years.
I thought, 'Wow.'He gave me the list, giving all the glory to the Lord.
Just thinking about making a lasting impact, changing a generation for Jesus, and wanting to leave your mark on this world. I believe He's coming, ladies and gentlemen.
Don't get me wrong, but I know there have been generations—Sister Woodworth-Etter believed He was coming back in her timeframe in the 1800s and had signs 'Jesus is coming soon'on her banners.
Kathryn Kuhlman felt that she was coming in her time. I believe Brother Hagin felt that he was coming in his time—Kenneth Hagin.
So you have a generation of people that have always had that urgency inside of themselves because there's no time with the Lord.
He has long patience for the harvest because He doesn't want any man to perish but all to come to repentance. So what is He looking for? What is on the Father's heart?
That was my big thing today: 'What's the number?'I know there will be people here in the Tribulation, but what's the number You're looking for?
What's the tipping point? What are we waiting on? You say You're waiting on us to bring in the harvest. What's the number? Because I'm a numbers person.
I'm always thinking, 'Show me what You're looking at so we can at least...'You know when you have those fundraisers and you see the thermometer and they fill in the red as it goes up?
I'm thinking, at least give me a goal: 14 million, 15 million, 16—no, that's not enough.
A billion, two billion, three billion. What's on Your heart? He doesn't want any man to perish.
Well, we've got a problem—I'm just teasing—because I'm thinking there are 8 billion people and I know there's going to be a lot of them in the Tribulation.
But I'm stretching out and believing God for big. I want to reach the nations for Jesus.
That's why I'm inspired by people who are already doing it and touching people's lives.
It's exciting whenever I get your emails and you say, 'Braden, you prayed for this and I was delivered.
I have no more pains in my body and Jesus set me free through your broadcast.
I had demonic oppression and depression, and ever since you prayed, I haven't had it anymore.'Just hearing the testimonies—Diana said, 'You hear a lot of the negative, Braden, but I want to go through all the positive ones today.
I want to show you the ones that are being impacted by the ministry versus the knuckleheads that want to be mean.
I want to show you the ones whose lives are being forever changed, and it's changing their whole family because of the ministry, Brandon.'So she read through some of those and it blessed me because I don't have time to read all that.
She reads a lot of it and I just say, 'God bless it.'I'm excited to be here and thankful to hear the testimonies of what the Lord has done on this little YouTube channel.
We started out three years ago and here we are now. The Lord said, 'I want you to go on mornings now, and then I'll grow it to 20,000 every single day.'20,000 on a live stream.
I want to grow it to 20,000. So that's my number. I'm believing for 20,000 people to come on in on a live stream and pray with me every single time at once.
The Lord said, "I'll give you the largest prayer army in the world. A million people will pray with you on a consecutive basis.
Believe me for it."So I'm believing for a million-man and -woman prayer army to pray over the nations, that when we pray over presidents and politicians around the world, we can change things through the power of prayer.
I truly believe that the authority of the believer is not being taught in this generation enough.
We have people like Sister Billie who will go over it and have her book, and Brother Hagin, but he went home and Billy's getting older, so we need another generation, a younger generation, grabbing a hold of it.
You have authority over the devil, and you can tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
I believe that we have a covenant-keeping God, that whatsoever things we bind on earth are bound in heaven, and whatsoever things are loosed on earth are loosed in heaven.
I believe that we have power and authority to tread on those serpents and scorpions.
And the roaring lion that he thinks he is, we have authority over him.
He's a toothless lion; he may have a roar, but a lion without teeth is not a threat.
He cannot devour those that are underneath the covenant. A curse without a cause cannot stand.
Don't give it a cause. Don't open the doors for the devil to come.
If you open the door for the devil, he'll come right in on top of you.
Keep the door shut. How do you do that? By fellowship with him.
Read your Bible and pray. Take communion every day. When you get real with God, God will become real to you.
Stop being fake. He knows what you're thinking before you even think it.
He knows what you're going to say out of your heart. Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
He knows what you're going to say out of your mouth before you even say it.
You think, say, whatever; it's about relationship. He knows when I'm mad at him.
He knows when I'm having a bad day. He knows when I'm upset about what we're going through. So get real with him.
When you get real with God—and I'm not trying to tell you to be disrespectful; don't ever dishonor him—just be real with him in your heart: "I'm going through this.
I need you."The more you say, "I need you,"the more you realize that you can't do this without him.
Humble yourself underneath his mighty hand. I say, "God, help me. I can't do this without you. I need you.
I need you in every area of my life: spiritually, physically, financially, mentally, emotionally.
I need you."The first thing this morning, he said, "Happy birthday, Brennan."The moment I woke up, I could tell he was watching me, like he was watching me sleep, anticipating me waking up.
I saw things yesterday in prayer that make you realize how close we are to the coming of the Lord.
I'll go into more detail today because I try not to hurry it, but I give you the details.
As that angel came in yesterday and stood right here, I was praying and singing that song, "Holy, Holy, Holy."The Lord corrected me.
He said, "You're letting your mind wander too much."When I was praying, he said, "Stop worrying about the time clock. Let it die.
If they want to leave, they'll leave, but I need you to do something for me today."And that's the same thing he said today about this because I said, "Well, it's my birthday.
Do I do a video day?"He said, "I need you today to do this."I said, "Okay, we'll do it."So, as the angel was there yesterday, he said, "I have a message for you.
I want you to say I have a message. The Lord wants you to say this."I saw him.
He was standing right there, and he had that golden armor on with that helmet on.
It had a weird-looking hat, a little hair-looking stuff coming off the top of his head that looked like some kind of feathers.
I've never seen an angel look like that before. It's really neat looking, but I was seeing it in the spirit.
It wasn't in the natural; I wasn't touching it. I'm looking over in the spirit.
As I was singing, I saw the wall, the watchman wall, again. This is the second day in a row the Lord allowed me to see that wall.
And he said, "This is your wall. Which door, which portal do you want to go down today in prayer?"And he let me choose again.
But I was sitting there singing, and then the angel came and he said to me, "The Lord says, sing the song one more time."I started singing it, but because I was crying, my voice was cracking, and I couldn't hit the higher notes.
After I sang it halfway through, I looked to see if he was going to say something, and he didn't say anything.
Then he said, "Sing the song all the way through."I was just taken aback by it. I was like, "Okay."So I sang it again.
When I got to the end of it, the door that he was standing in front of opened, and I could see the Father on the throne, a big bright light.
There was a staircase that went down with beautiful water that started to flow from his throne.
This water that looked just like living water just started flowing down. It was the floodgates of the revival.
It was the flood of the major outpouring that's about to happen on this earth. It was there; I could see it.
Then he said, "I have a message."The angel said, "I have a message about Israel."He said, "The fig tree is ripe, and Ezekiel 38-39 is at the door."The fig tree is ripe.
I saw these vast figs on this fig tree that were double the size of a normal fig, but they looked beautiful.
It looked like you could just eat the whole tree. This tree was massive, and it was upon a hill.
I could see the sun setting on the hill. The sun was setting on this dispensation of grace.
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen, and it's time to get your heart right before him. I saw the fig tree.
As I was looking into that fig tree, the Lord said, "I have scattered my people upon the earth, and now is the time I will gather them all."He was talking about the Jews.
He said, "I have scattered them all over the earth, and now I'm going to gather them all."I saw persecution coming on the Jewish people.
I saw a mass amount of people coming to Israel and Jerusalem and all the area in the days ahead.
It is a major turning of an event. He said as of this month—the seventh month—it is a significant month: the month of July.
He said this is a significant month of an acceleration for this next six months: July, August, September, October, November, and December.
Six months, yes. Over this time frame, I saw an acceleration of things: of elders going home, of a cleansing of the church.
From July 3rd to January 3rd—the first part of next year—is this time frame of an acceleration of things.
Thanks, son; I really appreciate that. As I was looking into Israel, I saw a light over it with dark in a valley, and I saw the bones living.
He said, "Can these bones live concerning America? Can these bones live concerning the revival?"I was praying over the dry bones over the world.
Talking about the lukewarm, talking about the cold Christians, the people who know better: it's time to come home.
It's time to become on fire for Jesus. He's coming back for a bride without spot or wrinkle that is holy and brought to his side, not a harlot.
You're not in bed with two different things. It's all him and none of us, right?
We need to be sold out to him, and we don't have a compromise of the world inside of us.
It's time to come up higher in our prayer life. It's time to come up higher in our relationship with the Lord. We need to be all-in.
As I saw the fig tree upon the hill, I saw the water coming down, and I saw the revival, and I saw creative miracles.
And they said, 'Do not become familiar with the miracles that you're about to see.
Don't take them as just another miracle.'Honor them; every miracle is to be holy.
Don't say, 'It's just another set of blind eyes; it's just another dead man being raised.
I've seen that before.'Every miracle is a gift from God. It's a blessing. It's his grace.
He said, 'For now, show me your glory and I will pass by with my goodness and my mercy on this generation.'Oral Roberts had his; Jack Coe had his; William Branham, Kenneth Hagin, Kathryn Kuhlman.
But the Lord said, 'I'm raising up a new generation, a new era of people right now that you're about to see, who are the closers, built for pressure.'He said, 'This is my dream team.'It's like it was in the '90s when we had Michael Jordan, Magic Johnson, and Larry Bird playing basketball for the Olympics.
He's putting in his dream team. And ladies and gentlemen, there's many of you that would be the dream team.
He's raising up prophetic voices with accuracy and without being flaky.
There's too much flakiness, charismatic weirdness, and the Lord's going to strip away this charismatic weirdness.
It's embarrassing. You have a group of people that don't know how to hear the Holy Ghost. It's weird; there's a lot of weirdness.
And the Lord said, 'I'm flipping the status quo concerning finances.'The devil's crowd had it too long.
And if you listen to what he's telling you to do, he said, 'I'll give you more than enough to do what I need you to do, exceedingly abundantly above all that you'd ask or think.'It's time to believe him for bigger.
Well, 'I'm just believing for my bills to be paid.'You're believing too small.
It's not just about 'us four and no more.'It's about stretching out and believing God for exceedingly abundantly above all that you'd ask or think.
Why? Because God is a covenant-keeping God. And if God did it for Abraham, he'll do it for you. If God did it for Solomon, how much more will he do it for you?
If Solomon was underneath the old covenant and you're underneath the new, how much more will God do it for you if you believe him for it? But it's produced from seedtime and harvest.
And a lot of people just sit back on their 'Blessed Assurance'and say, 'Well, I'm going to just sow five dollars and we're going to have enough money to do whatever.'It starts out that way, but if you're faithful with little, he'll make you ruler over much.
What's in your heavenly account? What are you doing to help your pastor out at your local church?
'Well, I give him a dollar every time,'and you're worth hundreds of thousands.
You can't even buy a stick of gum for a buck, but you think that pastor is going to be able to help and do things in his church to be able to get this gospel preached?
You think, 'Well, I gave him five dollars, Brandon. I tipped him; he gave a good sermon today.'What are you going to do with five dollars?
It's time to believe God for bigger. But then you look at what?
Thirty, sixty, a hundredfold. What's in your heavenly account?
Multiply a hundredfold of five dollars. Does that get you into millionaire status? No. Does that get you in the billionaire flow? No.
It's a start, but you've got to check your thermostat and how much is in that account.
That's where I multiply and I look and say, 'Okay, do I have by spiritual law the seed in the ground to believe for the building that the Lord has told me to do?
Do I have it when he said, I want you to create new TV stations and do these things in the days ahead?'There are things that he's put a mandate on, like having a theater in Branson to do these things.
But the Lord said, 'Don't ever ask for anything; believe me for it.'The charismatic weirdness—like I said, the Lord said, 'I'm changing things.
I'm going to do things differently with you and the way you're doing your ministry.
I don't want it to be like this.'These people are losing their voice with the world.
They're losing their—what was the word he used? relevance.
Yeah, he said they're losing their relevance. They're not relevant.
A lot of these people have lost their voice. And he said, 'Don't do what other men are doing. Do something different.
Don't lose your voice because of the way you present my gospel.'They had their time and I told them to do that in their time, but behold, I'm doing something new.
And so I just follow him. You can't go back to the way people did it before.
God's doing something new in this generation. Well, you know, Oral Roberts did it this way, or somebody else.
I try to always quote dead people because with the ones that are still alive, with the sin that's being uncovered in a lot of ministries, I try not to link up with anybody.
I'm just going to stay in my lane because I know what he told me.
There's a cleaning, and there's a lot of corruption in a lot of ministries.
And the Lord said, 'I'm dealing with this.'It's embarrassing.
You represent the King; you've got to get your stuff together.
And the Lord said to me, 'Stay the course of what I told you to do.'And that's why I've never taken any invitations.
How many people invite me to come preach at big conferences all the time?
How many people invite me to come on their TV programs? A lot. I don't do any of it until he says so.
I stay where he said: 'Go behind your camera.'I want to go here, I want to go there? Nope. 'I called you to be alone right now.
Go sit on the back row of the church over there and I want you to be there and pray for them.'So I just do what he says and I beat to the drum of what he tells me to do.
No matter what kind of money's thrown at me, whatever has been offered to me, I go, 'God, I am dead to it.'I know what God has told me.
There's a select few that will walk in the greater glory, and I'm telling you, I am determined to be one of them.
I want to be a part of that Holy Ghost and fire that's about to happen, but I don't want my flesh to be so out of control that he says, 'Brandon, I can't use that.'I want to be dead—not dead physically, but dead to whatever my—that's why I try to tell you: find your box.
If William Seymour was not allowed to go and do his service until he put the box on his head for how long—sometimes they said 45 minutes, sometimes a couple hours—he would sit on the platform at Azusa Street with a wooden crate on his head before the glory would show up.
It's an act of humility. I don't know, but the Lord spoke to me specifically and he said, 'There's many people in the days ahead that need to find their box.'What is the box that you attract to deflect so that you don't get any glory and God gets all the glory?
It's not about ego. I heard about one man they believe took on T.L.
Osborn's mantle, and there were healings flowing through this individual.
People were starting to bow down before this individual in the middle of the streets when he would walk by, trying to worship this guy.
And the glory of the Lord was so strong and people were getting healed.
But by the time he was 45 years old, he had a massive heart attack and died. God will not share His glory with no one. Find your box.
So what you're about to see with the greatest outpouring this world has ever seen before, God will not share His glory with no one.
Find your box. William Seymour did, but after he took off the box, he died, I believe, within three years.
His ministry, the whole thing went down. The moment he stopped putting on the box, the ministry was done.
I'd love to find that box if it was there. You know, where's that box?
Is there power in the box? No, it's a symbol. Always keep small in your own eyes.
No matter what you see, no matter what healings, no matter what creative miracles are about to happen, always stay small in your own eyes.
Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have give I thee in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth.
Rise and walk! Get up out of that bed! That's what the Lord told me.
He said, 'Do you know how dead is dead, son?'When I laid hands on those dogs and they got raised up from the dead, He said, 'How dead is dead, Brandon?'I thought that was pretty dead.
Stiff as... just stiff and rigor mortis, blood purple, and the power of God breathed into a dog.
I don't believe it. I don't care what you believe; it happened. Though you were dead, yet shall you live.
But dead is dead, even after you are decayed and there's no flesh on the bones.
He said, 'Though you are dead, yet shall you live.'He stinks, Lord!
It's time to believe God for bigger in these last days. Stretch your faith to believe Him for more.
He said, 'You think too small.'He tells me that all the time.
'Stretch yourself, believe Me for more.'How do I do that? Get big inside of you.
Go drive around big neighborhoods. Go look at the nice houses.
Go look at the nice cars. Go look at the stadiums full of people. Go look at planes.
Go look at whatever you've got to do to get poverty out of your mind. Stop thinking small.
Think bigger because it starts with 'as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.'And the more you renew your mind, the more you see.
People, you go to the hospital and think, 'I'm going to go in here in the name of Jesus and every one of these people are going to get out of these beds and we're going to clear this hospital room.'Why?
Because John G. Lake did it. Wigglesworth did it. They walked into glory, so why not us? Stretch yourself to believe Him for more.
It's not just about, 'Well, I want my husband to be healed and saved and delivered.'I'm believing God not only just for him.
I'm believing for all my relatives. I'm believing for my neighbors.
I'm believing for whatever. You know, stretch yourself to believe outside of your box.
I'm trying to challenge you today. As we go into this Fourth of July weekend in America, believe God for bigger.
Look what God did for a nation that dedicated themselves to Him and said, 'We choose to be We the People of the United States of America, one nation under God.
We will be a nation that says we'll put on our currency, In God We Trust.'But we have to fight to keep it there, as we have socialists in New York.
We have socialists in Minnesota, and they have Omar and these people that are just evil, and we say, 'No, we're not going to give up our nation to a bunch of people who are devil-possessed.'As long as we get involved and we pray, 'If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways,'He said we would hear from heaven and He would heal our land.
I stand on that verse. I believe that God is a covenant-keeping God and He will do exactly what He said He would do.
He will not alter His covenant. My covenant will I not break, nor alter.
Psalms 89:34 says, 'My covenant will I not break, nor alter the thing that is gone out of my lips.'If God said it, He'll stand by it.
If you grab a hold of it... I refuse to live in poverty. I refuse to live in sickness and disease. I refuse to see my kids go to hell.
I will have children because the Bible says, 'Train up your child in the way they should go, and when they get older, they will not depart from it.'I believe that's a covenant-keeping statement.
My God will take care of my kids. And I say they're born again, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, fire-breathing, devil-casting out.
I'm telling you, it's time to get bold about what we believe. If you don't do it, who else will?
I can't hold your hand with it, but as for me and my house, we're going to serve the Lord.
And we're going to do what the Bible told us to do in the Great Commission. We're going to lay hands on the sick.
We're going to cast out devils and we're going to raise the dead in the name of Jesus.
'Oh, brother, I don't know, I've never heard of that.'Get ready, it's about to happen all the time.
'My covenant will I not break, nor alter the things that have gone out of my mouth.'He is a covenant-keeping God if you believe Him for it.
So, I hope you're encouraged today and we'll pray now. But I want to show you some of the things that are going on in the news Braden found for you and what we need to pray about.
But as I saw on the wall and I saw that angel tell me the fig tree is ripe, I got excited because Jesus said, 'Look at the fig tree.'And I know that He's coming sooner than we think.
He's going to surprise us like a thief in the night. A thief doesn't announce his coming the day he comes.
You're asleep and they try to get you. Well, He said like a thief in the night.
I'm expecting it in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. It's time, folks.
It's time to believe Him for bigger. Let's bring in the harvest before Him.
Let's do what makes Him happy. Let's fill His heart with great joy today. Bring the harvest in.
What's the most important thing to God is not gold, silver, diamonds, rubies, sapphires, but the hearts of you and me, His children.
A generation that says, 'Jesus, we love You and I thank You for dying for me.'Jesus paid the price so that you don't have to go to hell.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in total victory. So, praise the Lord.
All right. Do you have anything, son? You saw the party in the night?
Oh, thank you. This is something else I saw. I have 30 minutes, not too bad.
I'm trying to keep it shorter than yesterday. I saw Mamdani.
I'll say it like this: I saw Mamdani. I saw a socialist party.
I saw his voice becoming louder. But I saw Hillary Clinton was against him.
I saw Hillary Clinton did not like it because he's too over-craziness.
He's way over here, and they wanted to bring it in because they didn't want to lose a group of voters, the elders.
They don't want that craziness. It's the young generation, the millennials, that are going for the Mamdani crowd, this nutty crowd.
But she said, 'We've got to center him in.'And I saw Gavin rise up because Mamdani can't be president.
He's not an American citizen, but he has a voice and he is influencing a party.
I saw Hillary not liking what was going on. I saw Gavin rise up and they tried to mix it.
They're trying to mix it. You can bring in these, but we can mix it and not make it too radical.
They were all thinking radical, but they didn't want to present themselves as radical because they didn't want to lose a group of voters, the boomers.
They didn't want to lose the boomers because the boomers are going, "This is too much craziness for me."But the millennials and the younger generation, the 18-year-olds, are going, "This sounds awesome: free healthcare, free childcare.
Let's do it. This is great."But they're too dumb to realize what they're saying.
They haven't lived life yet. No disrespect, but it's the truth.
The Lord showed me I saw Hillary rise up and she was upset. I saw Gavin, and I'm telling you, you all need to watch Gavin.
He's going to slither on his belly like a snake trying to go to the White House. So, we pray over Byron Donalds.
I see Byron and I see Rubio, and I told you I see a scandal trying to come against JD Vance that will keep him out of the White House in the days ahead.
I saw a scandal trying to happen that the people would veer away from JD Vance because of this thing.
And I saw a mole turning their back on JD Vance and a splitting of this, and Marco Rubio and Byron would have to do something.
People didn't want to touch JD Vance because they didn't want the scandal. I saw this would try to manifest around 2027 or 2028.
It was separate from Trump, and I said watch what happens to Trump's term after this.
I said it would become a lame duck session if people don't get out and vote.
You don't realize how important it is for him to finish strong, and they try to use the 25th Amendment against him in the next months ahead.
We keep praying over this. This is serious. I want you to show some of your clips and then we'll go right into prayer.
We got work to do. Diana said, "Put that in there because I get tired of cold coffee,"and she got me this mug.
I try to look patriotic today. This idiot in North Carolina was trying to shoot up a church.
A man accused of bringing firearms—it's blocked out—two flamethrowers, crossbows.
He was going to burn down the church. I saw a poking of the bear, the church.
I said they're going to try to burn down your churches in the days ahead.
A man tried to burn down a church with flamethrowers and crossbows and 500 rounds in North Carolina today.
Police say just after 10:00 a.m., officers responded to a call about an armed person sitting in a truck in the church parking lot.
A nearby off-duty officer with the help of backup disarmed a man they later identified as William Milliken III.
They say he was wearing body armor and had two flamethrowers inside his truck at the time of his arrest.
In addition to flamethrowers, investigators also found two crossbows, more than 500 rounds of ammunition, rolls of black duct tape, and three knives.
He faces several charges, including possession of a weapon of mass destruction and impersonating a law enforcement officer.
Lee Barber says he's glad no one was hurt. Last year, we had a Volkswagen van that caught on fire in the parking lot.
So I thought maybe it was another thing like that. But that man was going to burn down that church.
He had body armor on too. The power of prayer changes things.
That's prayer answered. The Lord did it. We expose the darkness.
That should encourage you that what we're praying about—exposing the darkness—that the plans, plots, and pursuits of every one of these terrorists, foreign and domestic, will be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
Praying over the Fourth of July, praying over our stadiums going clear up into the World Cup finals.
I'm telling you that the enemy is defeated, but we have to make sure he realizes he is.
Look at her. I told you she would rebrand herself in the days ahead.
The Lord said, watch Kamala Harris; she will rebrand herself.
There she is. She laughs all the time. She has some big teeth.
She's happy. Just in: President Trump says crypto is a big deal. We need the Clarity Act done. So let's believe God.
As far as crypto goes, you didn't divest your business; you have your sons running it.
There's this notion that you need to be aware of conflicts of interest.
There was a large sum of money made in crypto. Did you know your family business was going to engage in crypto?
The way I view crypto is a little differently. We have to be at the top, otherwise China's going to take it over. We're leading substantially in AI over China.
When I was with President Xi three weeks ago, he greeted me and his first words were, "Wow, you've really done a great job, because this country was dead."Now we have the hottest country in the world.
If we're not going to do it, China's going to get it. It's a big industry, crypto, and it's a big deal.
Anything we do, I want to be number one in. We're number one in crypto and also number one in AI.
Do you remember what the Lord showed us about his family? The Lord said before they announced yesterday that they made $2 billion on crypto.
I saw Eric, Barron, and Don Jr., and there were coins coming out of Trump Tower.
I saw the real estate empire and it was a tower. It was nice. A lot of money was made, but I saw the boys reinventing the Trump fortune.
The Lord said, "How much did the Lord say directly, Braden? Do you remember?
Because I don't want to misquote it."He said, "I'm going to do this to the Trump wealth.
I'm going to triple it."He said, "Watch the sons. Watch what they invest in. Watch this."And this is what the Lord told me.
Now, this is not financial advice; it's my opinion of what the Lord's told me.
I'm not a financial adviser, but I say this is what I've been praying over and looking at. $2 billion, that's a lot of money, right?
I saw the coins, five major pillars marching themselves into a new Trump building that became digital. It all started to do this, and I saw Barron leading it.
All of a sudden, Trump Tower started to grow like a tower and it went all the way up high, and I saw Trump at the top of a new building.
Does that mean it's a real building? I don't know; it's a metaphor.
I believe the Lord's trying to say I saw a thing doubling and tripling over Trump's wealth.
Now they announced he made $2 billion this last year; 2025 made two billion bucks.
And I was like, "Wow."So, it goes with what the Lord showed us.
It was interesting because they said he made it off of crypto investments.
Now people are upset. The Lord said, "I'm going to restore back the wealth."I saw a major move.
Keep going. He's talking about making his own chips. Taiwan literally took almost 100% of the business, and I have them all moving back.
What did Trump say? "I just need two years. In two years we don't need Taiwan anymore.
We'll make our own chips."So this is confirming the word the Lord gave us about it.
The Lord told us in March that he'll push very hard in the days ahead, and there will be major chip producers in America and they won't need Taiwan.
Then I saw China trying to take Taiwan, but the Lord said, "I will hold a covering over Taiwan."I saw South Korea, Japan, Australia and the Philippines all coming to the aid of Taiwan in the days ahead.
He said, "I'll give him an extension for this until the tribulation."Go ahead.
"Well, I did something with Intel that a lot of people don't know about or talk about, but they had problems and they got hurt badly because no president ever charged tariffs.
Taiwan literally took almost 100% of the business—mostly Taiwan, but South Korea a little bit.
I said, 'Boy, if I was president, that would have never happened.
Taiwan would never be in the position they're in.'Now, of course, they're in a bit of a tenuous position.
And I have them all moving back. They're all moving back into this country.
We're going to have 40 to 60% of the chips by the time I leave office.
They're building chip factories in Arizona in particular; the biggest company in the world is building.
They're leaving Taiwan to build this plant. I think we're going to have a big percentage of chips.
Right now, we had virtually nothing. We didn't make chips anymore. And Intel came in; they had a problem.
I said, 'I can solve your problem, but I want 10% of the company.'They said, 'What?'I said, 'I want 10% of the company.'And he agreed.
And the stock has gone through the roof. So, I think we made 60 or 70 billion in eight months.
Do I get credit for that? No. Somebody said that's not very American. I said no, I think it is very American actually.
I've done that with other deals where they had a loan anyway from the CHIPS Act.
And they announced that it's better to have equity than a loan.
It worked out well from our standpoint. We had zero investment.
We made about $70 billion in a period of eight or nine months. But that's a great thing.
Intel has gone through the roof; it's one of the hottest companies and they've done a great job."So, he said he's bringing them home.
I believe that this will all be going on before his term's over.
He only has two and a half years left, if we keep him prayed through.
We need to pray to make sure he gets through this. Prophetic words are in the news.
And so I go, "Wow, Lord, you're amazing."Next. This guy's talking about a communist Cuban operative from Cuba.
Where did they find him? The department is now investigating Code Pink, who hosted his trip to Cuba.
The feds are looking at funding for the trip, which some think is tied to the Chinese Communist Party.
Also under scrutiny is American businessman and social activist Neville Roy Singum, who has donated to Code Pink and has alleged ties to China through his business dealings.
The investigation is looking at his trip, which involved as many as 40 American citizens who joined a Marxist convoy to Havana.
The Trump administration wants to know if Code Pink violated US laws and sanctions.
For now, nobody has been charged. People have a right to be stupid and support socialism.
Despite all the things that you might say against that, what they don't have a right to is receive payment.
The feds are investigating if they have received any payment for propaganda.
More corruption. Next. Europe is facing a housing crisis. Ursula is saying it: "My fourth point is on housing.
Europe is facing a housing crisis—a crisis of affordability, access, and quality.
Our citizens are calling for solutions and we are responding.
We aim to launch a European Housing Alliance and we will convene a high-level European housing summit.
This is one of the defining social challenges of our time and our people expect us to deliver."She's so dark.
Remember that thing that had all the snakes coming off her head?
You look at her and she turns you to stone. Like Medusa? We're going to change her name to Medusa.
Next. Well, the highlight of what I thought was cool was this right here.
Praise the Lord. Thank you, Father. This is just the beginning.
You're going to do it in New Orleans. You're going to do it all over.
I've seen a tent in New Orleans. I've seen a tent in Tennessee, Nashville, and Boston.
Father, we thank you for your hand on our nation. You uncover every plot, every plan.
And Father, there's confusion in the enemy's camp. They want to kill, steal, and destroy.
Father, I thank you, Lord. When the enemy comes in like a flood, you raise up a standard against them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, over our schools and our children.
We have to take Communion first before we jump in this river.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body. We do this in remembrance of what you did for us.
Thank you, Father, that you're a personal God who loves us and that you gave your life for us; we acknowledge what you did today.
Thank you, Father, for what you did. Thank you, Lord, that you set me free.
Thank you, Lord, that I don't have to be all the things that the world tries to offer me; you've given me authority over it.
Father, you said that I can walk on water if I need to. Father, I thank you, Lord, that I have faith on the inside of me by reading the Word.
Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God. I thank you, Lord, that my faith is growing today as I read the Word and I fellowship with you.
We're growing and going from glory to glory, Lord. We take this body in the name of Jesus and we give you praise and glory for all that you've done, Lord. Amen. We take the blood and apply it over us.
Now, Father, if there's anything you want to show us today, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force, I thank you that you speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of you. I apply the blood of Jesus over any visions and over anything you want to show me or what I hear.
I thank you, Lord, that I hear your voice and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
I cover this house and this time of prayer in the blood. We say, 'Satan, you are under our feet.'Demonic spirits, you can't torment me.
I plead the blood in Jesus'name. Thank you, Lord. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Thank you, Lord, for forgiving us of our sins, Lord. It's all done.
Focus your thoughts today on Him as you're praying. Don't let your mind wander. I talked about that earlier, but I really want you to focus.
You could be thinking about how you've got to go to Walmart or you've got to clean the house because tomorrow's the Fourth and we're going to have a cookout.
Don't let your mind wander when you're praying. Focus your thoughts on what you're praying and put your spirit into how you're praying over that situation, our nation, or the president.
Hone it in. When you're thinking about all these other things, you're putting your mouth on autopilot.
Do you want it to come from out of your stomach, out of the deep depths of you? Pray, 'Holy Ghost, teach me to pray.
Flow through me.'So many people just think about stuff, like having to pull the weeds today.
I'm trying to help you because I want to get results. We have 5,100 people here right now, so we can get some stuff done.
Praise the Lord. Did you all get your notifications today? Tell us in the comment section.
I'm out of YouTube jail. I keep seeing parades—people in cars using their car as a weapon, driving into the crowd.
Rammings. Pray over this. I keep seeing this; it's the second time I've seen a parade in the last couple seconds.
I'm praying over the parades, the little children, and the roads. Coastal resorts, over the sandstone, all over Macy's.
We pray over our nation and our nation's capital, over the parades. We call the parades safe in the name of Jesus.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit across this land from sea to shining sea, from the Gulf all the way to Canada, I pray over it in the name of Jesus.
Every plot, every plan, I call you naught in the name of Jesus. I see carnival rides, a Ferris wheel.
Every plot, every plan for mass shootings across this land, I call you naught in Jesus'name.
I see people driving around on Gators—not like those little remote police things; it looks military.
I see green Gators. I want to call over those little SUVs, those little ATVs.
Over the lakes. No drownings. We call for peace over the lakes in the name of Jesus. Safety. I see parades and mass shootings stopped.
I'm praying over the Ferris wheel and the firework shows in the Nashville area and New Orleans. No mass shootings today. This is very strong.
As they're distracted with the noise of the fireworks, it's the distraction for the 9-1-1 calls.
Sound the alarm. I see an AR-15 style weapon in a man's hand. It's green camouflage.
It's an AR-15, looks like a.223 or a 5.56 caliber, but it's a pistol—it's not a long stock, it's a pistol caliber.
Pray. It is uncovered. Every plan for homemade explosive devices.
They look like little grenades. We thank you, Lord, for Boston.
We thank you for exposing the darkness. Every plot, every plan.
We thank you, Lord, for our FBI, Homeland Security, CIA, Secret Service, local sheriff's departments, and local law enforcement.
We thank you, Lord, for even the highway patrol. We pray over every single one of them that they're covered in the name of Jesus.
No casualties of the police. No casualties of the people who have sworn to protect this nation.
We call for no casualties. Be bold. Now I see emergency room waiting rooms flooded with people.
I see a white floor, white walls. All these lights are on in there.
What's going on in that one? I see people that look like they have black on their arms.
They look like they've been through soot, like they've been through fire.
I see people with jean shorts on. I see a girl with a black tank top on and blue shorts.
She has black hair with sunglasses in her hairline. It could be close.
They're close. The Middle East. They came through the tunnels.
It's all down there. It's through the tunnels. Thank you, Father, for the children.
You protect the children, Father. Expose this darkness. Bring light to what's going on.
I pray over the children. I thank you, Lord, for protecting the children.
We call for an exposing of the trafficking. We thank you, Lord, that they find the tunnels.
The good guys will overthrow the bad guys, even the corrupt police force.
I thank you, Lord, that they'll be found out. The children, Father, we petition you.
My legs are going to sleep. There is so much time. Thank you, Father. You know what's interesting?
I know it's a secular song, but it's Willie Nelson and I could hear it down there on the border.
It's the Valley of the Gun. I don't know why I could hear Willie Nelson.
Something with Willie Nelson. It was about the border. I could see the trafficking and the mountains.
They looked like desert to me. 'And the battle stopped and the smoke fell at the altar of the sun.'There's something about that.
What is going on with Willie Nelson there? The Lord cares about everything like that.
Is Willie Nelson dead? No, he's alive. I see a transition, something happening.
Pray for him. Willie Nelson is just stepping over. I see him singing that song and I believe he's about to die.
Willie knows he's about to go home and I see him stepping over, but it's pulling his heart for the Lord.
Father, I call him to find you right now if he doesn't know you. This is very serious. Willie Nelson going home. Visit him.
I ask, Father, for the blinders to be off of Willie Nelson's eyes that he finds you right now.
Intimacy with you as he gets ready to step over. To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
You must know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior right now.
You're standing on the door of transition. Willie Nelson. I'm surprised you haven't seen it on the news yet.
That's how close this is. I see his life is over, it's done, and I see the valley. That song.
There's something to do with this man and the Lord said, 'Call him home.'We want Willie Nelson to be saved.
Father, we thank you that his heart's right with you. Send laborers across his path.
It's time to go home, Willie. I see him going home soon. We call you saved today.
We thank you, Lord, that you visit him. As he lays there, you visit him. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. I see a transition.
That's why I'm just praying over it, but I'm very careful because it's somebody's life.
It's not an assassination attempt, it's just the end of somebody's deal.
I hear the music. Pray for his soul that he knows Jesus Christ. Father, we thank you for President Trump today.
We thank you, Lord, that he's always in the right place at the right time. We cover him and his children in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, for Eric, Don Jr., Tiffany, Barron, Kai, and Ivanka.
I thank you, Lord, that they're all covered. No weapon formed against his kids will prosper.
I thank you, Lord, for Erika Kirk today. I pray a hedge of protection around Erika Kirk.
Thank you, Lord, that she's in the right place at the right time.
Whatever she's going to do, we thank you, Lord, that her children are protected and no weapon formed against her will prosper.
We plead the blood of Jesus over President Trump, Melania, JD Vance, and Usha, as she's getting ready to have this baby.
Father, I thank you for supernatural protection over them in the name of Jesus.
That the blood of Jesus Christ covers them in the name of Jesus. Over President Trump, the family, and the vice president.
We thank You, Lord, as they get ready to celebrate all the things we celebrate, Father, for the Fourth and this beautiful nation.
We thank you, Lord, that they're in the right place at the right time.
I stand on that, even by a fraction of a hair. We thank you, Lord. They're always in the right place at the right time.
Father, we worship you that the angels are all around them today over this nation.
And we thank you, Lord, that every mass shooting is uncovered.
Every mass shooting is uncovered in Jesus'name, that we will not have terrorist attacks, foreign or domestic, in our nation.
Thank you, Father. Over church gatherings, we pray over our church gatherings.
We pray over the people, Father, as they go to church picnics and fun things.
Father, we thank You, Lord. It's interesting, the anointing has changed.
So that's why I'm like, 'Is it over? You want me to stop?'How long you been praying, son?
An hour. Hour and 53 minutes. But prayer about 50 minutes, about an hour.
Okay. Listen to the voice of the Lord. Listen to him. Wherever he tells you to be, be there.
If he says don't go somewhere, don't go somewhere. If he says don't go to the mall, don't go to the mall.
If he says don't go to the park, don't go to the park. Don't go to that; do this.
Follow his voice and it will keep you alive in the days ahead. Listen to the Holy Spirit and where you need to be.
Many people, because of not listening to him, will go home early.
Follow the voice of God in your life and he will protect you and he will sustain you.
Okay? It's so important. Glory to God. We'll be back again tomorrow. We'll pray again with you tomorrow.
And we will continue to do this for the Fourth of July, pushing through this time, going through the parades and doing all the things that we'll see.
And keep doing what he's asked us to do. I pray this video blessed you today.
I pray this time of prayer blessed you. And be safe, have fun, and enjoy your time.
We pray over all of Australia, all of it. But I didn't have a pulling to do that today for the other nations.
It was just America and praying over these areas. What is that?
All right. Well, we love y'all. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you. And thank you for all the happy birthday wishes, and y'all are so nice.
I just want to say thank you. God bless you all and thanks for the cards in the mail and a cool basketball jersey.
Somebody sent me a basketball jersey for my birthday that is a Thunder one, 'Thunder up.'It's really cool.
And I got a shofar horn. Hey, can you get that? Yeah, go get that if you can find it.
I wanted to show that shofar off. I got a really cool shofar. It's a big one.
I don't blow a shofar. I'm not... I don't know how to make it work, but I tried.
Diana goes, 'Okay.'It's funny because it takes a lot of air, but I got one and somebody blessed me with it.
It's really pretty, has some stuff on it. See if Braden can find it.
I set it in there and... oh, there it is. And so, I got this shofar from somebody.
Isn't that neat? It has all that little metal on it. I don't know what that is, but it sure is pretty.
It's like has scriptures on it and stuff. Has Jewish stars and the thing on it.
I thought that was pretty. I said, 'Oh, that's a neat birthday present.'So, whoever...
thank you. Thank you for that. Isn't that wonderful? Pretty neat, huh?
So, I thought Jesus is so good. He gives you birthday presents.
People love on you. When you're on YouTube and stuff, they want to be a blessing. I say thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Y'all, there are so many kind people, you know, they outweigh the kindness; all the hate is like, 'So what?'you know?
But when you get the people that love on you and they give you presents, it's sweet.
I go, 'Thank you. I appreciate that. God bless you.'And then just people loving on you.
So I say, thank you for praying with us and being a part of our prayer team.
We're believing to grow. If you could tell your friends about us, let's pray together.
We're believing for the million men-women prayer army and we'll be back again tomorrow.
So you'll be off so you can on a Saturday if you want to pray with me Saturday morning before Fourth of July afternoon.
I'll be back with you and we'll keep praying for our nation. It's important.
This is a high time that's very serious. So we'll continue to do it.
So we'll end it there and we'll see you again tomorrow. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much. We love you.